That pass of his.
That idiot's movement.
And that block by Itoshi Sae.
Without me realizing, this game
has started revolving around Isagi.
I'm not gonna let him gobble it all up.
Blue Lock's core is undoubtedly Rin.
That goal earlier was possible because
Rin was on the field as our guiding light.
With Rin there, I could move more freely
and switch to my new challenge.
Anyway, that goal was a successful
one-time thing with low reproducibility.
If we mistakenly believe we can do
the same again, it'll be game over.
What we need to reproduce isn't
the shot that hit the back of the net.
It's the "trance chain" phenomenon.
We each face our own challenge,
and the interplay results in a goal.
It's a difficult phenomenon to pull off,
but if we can do it, we win.
Damn it.
I'll score the next goal.
I'll outdo myself.
I'll devour him, and...
I'll become the leading man!
I'm totally buzzing.
'Kay. All ready to go.
I will...
...protect the goal.
We'll force an openin'.
Sure. I'll follow yer lead.
There's 15 minutes left.
One more goal.
It's getting hot over there, huh? Damn.
Stop overshadowing me.
Lemme climax, genius.
Time to fly, devil.
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
This game's really hotting up.
It's end-to-end stuff between
Japan's U-20s and the Blue Lock XI.
We're into the final phase
as the game restarts.
This will determine the match!
Episode
Not Alone
Everything begins with Itoshi Sae's pass.
We need to watch out for
where the pass is going.
Isagi!
Huh? He's dribbling?
I'm taking this game to the next level.
Only the idiots who can keep up with me
will get to see what comes next.
A hyper-technical nutmeg?
And now he's speeding up?
He's raised his own game
to match the level of the field.
That means he wasn't serious before.
Just how high do his parameters go?
Look at that! Itoshi Sae
goes on a solo run upfield!
Crap. Put more men on him and stop him!
Pipe down, Money-leon. We're doing that!
Damn it. Damn it!
Damn you!
Just how far ahead of me are you?
I know we used to be shoulder to shoulder.
We had a real connection.
But you're always leaving me behind.
It's that same old feeling.
I'm slowly sinking into blurriness.
Damn it.
I'm sick of this.
This lukewarm tragedy.
That's the past...
that I crushed long ago!
Destroy it.
I'm gonna change in this match.
We're brothers.
We have the same blood.
If he can do it, so can I.
Synchronize with him.
If I were Itoshi Sae,
how would I destroy Blue Lock?
Yukimiya, cover him!
Yeah, I got it!
Natural-born dribblers...
are active, with their
dribbling self-started.
Itoshi Sae's dribbling,
on the other hand, is passive,
relying on reading the opponent's
rhythm and movement...
and going the opposite way.
It's a counter-dribbling
that flows and evades.
Nice, genius!
Let's all press up!
Before I started playing myself,
I used to admire Itoshi Sae's
soccer philosophy.
He uses logic to quickly shrug off
the enemy with minimal fuss,
then calculates how to score
the optimal goal.
The essence of Itoshi Sae's soccer
is the act of beautiful destruction.
Are ya for real?
He's gonna do it all by himself?
That's why he's looking for an answer
no one's found yet: an incalculable egoist.
That's why he chose Shidou over me.
To guide the talent of that devil striker,
and become the best midfielder out there.
Where is it? What would
I do if I were Itoshi Sae?
If I were Itoshi Sae...
how would I want to play?
What goal would I want to score?
What would I desire from this moment?
He's still dribbling?
Inside? Or outside?
A shot? No, it isn't.
A cross to Shidou?
So you did choose to pass.
Plus, it's a perfectly calculated place
to shoot from that only Shidou can reach.
Once Itoshi Sae is let off the leash,
no one can stop him.
The most beautiful spot is right here.
Right, you poor excuse for a brother?
Whoa! He stopped it!
But he also took a kick to the face!
That's gotta be a yellow!
It was unintentional.
It's Blue Lock's ball to restart.
Tch. You long bottom-lashed idiot.
Ya feelin' dizzy?
I'm fine. He grazed me, that's all.
That was totally unlike the Rin I know.
He's usually all about number one,
but in that moment,
it was like he ran to that spot and
sacrificed himself to protect the goal.
Did he change his play style at the very
last minute just to shut down Itoshi Sae?
He's incredible.
Each of us tried to enter the "flow," and
as a result, the level of this game went up.
In response, Sae raised the bar,
which then awoke something inside Rin.
Now Rin's becoming someone
who can kill Itoshi Sae.
Rin is changing.
Hey, bros. Shouldn't you
be paying more attention?
Oh, crap.
One express train
right through the middle!
A long pass?
Skipping all local stops.
Departing from Mikage Reo,
via Nagi Seishiro...
...and bound for the goal area.
Meet me at the destination, strikers.
If Rin can take out Sae, then my combos,
my vision, and everything else will change.
It'll be a new landscape.
Starting with Rin,
everything will be reborn.
Blue Lock can evolve even more.
Imagine it.
Imagine an attack only we can create...
in this phase of the trance state cycle.
You called, egoist?
The monster has arrived.
Blue Lock XI
The last piece is me, right?
Good positioning, Bachira.
I'm not doing this to support you, Isagi.
I came here to score a goal myself.
Right back at ya.
Go ahead and try it, monster.
Back off, egoist.
Here's our chance to counter.
Rin's still behind us.
Bachira has now been
added as an attack piece.
In this new formation, I need
to pull off a trance state chain.
First, midfield.
Can you keep up with us?
How many attacking options
do you have, Blue Lock?
With Bachira, this bit is easy.
The problem starts here.
The King is back!
You let your guard down, Isagi. Did you think
I wouldn't come for you so far from the goal?
Don't screw with me!
I won't let you steal it, King Crap!
Knock it off, you idiots!
Reo gave you the ball to—
This is a counterattack.
Stop taking forever, donkeys.
Bachira?
It's my turn again at last.
I'll give into my impulses
and let my dribbling feet dance.
Intuition. Improvisation.
I'll empty my mind and just play.
I'll go to wherever my heart feels joy!
What fast feet!
A feint? A turn?
It's a nutmeg!
No, wait. He lifted it?
Let's go bang-bang.
Then it's shwiff, and turn and zwoop.
Keep on him, Neru! Press!
Oh, it's Beardy.
Pincer him!
Okay, let's get him!
And zip.
Spin, spin.
Nyah, nyah, nyah!
What's the deal with this guy?
Is he a natural-born dribbler?
A fake roulette!
Bachira Meguru weaves in and out!
Huh?
So you had another blade up your sleeve, huh?
Gyaos!
Bachira!
Look at me!
Over here!
Shut up, you NPCs.
Scissors and crazy fakes?
You egoists are all about dribbling
98% of the time, and passing only 2%.
So bring it.
Into a shooting motion at this distance?
That's...
what you think.
Smash Monster Lift!
What the heck is that technique?
Come out, goalie!
This is me concentrating
on a daring challenge.
My Monster Trance!
Boom.
That's a goa—
Japan's U-20s
This is what you meant, right, Aiku?
The stronger his foe,
the more fired up the star player gets.
So rail against the world!
Sendou?
A-A goal-line clearance
by their star player!
Sendou!
Tsk. That's freaking intense.
Holy hell, they even kept that out?
Get up, Sendou! Is defending
all you can do, you lousy striker?
Shut up, Captain Jerk.
The U-20s star player...
is me!
Get back, dumdums! They're a-comin'!
I'm not handing my spot over to some
newbies called Blue Lock or whatever it is.
I'm gonna change.
And I'll change Japanese soccer!
I don't care about pin-up models anymore.
I'm aiming at the world standard.
I'm gonna...
marry a Hollywood actress!
Ha! Sounds good!
He truly is an idiot.
Sendou's looking at the wider world?
Love it! Expose yourself for
all to see, Mr. Commando Striker!
Let's go!
Don't let the fire go out, U-20s!
Turn the tables!
A quick attack!
Desperate turnaround.
Blue Lock's fire has clearly
also reached them, not just me.
A sole striker awakened a midfielder,
triggering the evolution of a defender,
and leading a goalie to the next level.
In this match, Japanese soccer will change.
We're going to change it!
We need to stop him
or we're in trouble!
Blue Lock XI
Don't rush in, Yukki.
Itoshi Sae's lookin' to hit
a decisive pass to Shidou.
I know that.
I'll intercept him,
so you press him, Karasu-kun.
You're eyesores.
I'll erase you.
Huh?
Not to Shidou?
I treat proper strikers equally.
I grant the chance to whoever's
the most intense about converting it.
Japan's U-20s
Here we go.
I'll slice through them here.
Blue Lock XI
Ready for a two-on-two?
I will defend this.
O-Oh no!
The agile No. 9 and the tall No. 8.
They made sure those guys
were pitted against us?
Go for it, Kitsune.
This feels super nice!
How does it?
Blue Lock XI
Huh?
Glam-eleon!
Second ball!
Too slow.
Japan's U-20s
I'm the star.
This is my time!
What a hassle.
I'll hunt you down.
What?
Are you serious?
That's, like, the worst spot.
Not so fast!
I've got my eye on you, Itoshi Sae.
You've got a good nose...
Selfish Captain.
Japan's U-20s
Unfortunately for you,
I happen to be a former striker.
Aiku's on the front line?
That's impossible to read.
C'mon, hunch, one more time!
This is the end for you, Blue Lock!
You. I'm amazed you got here, Mr. Uppity.
Unfortunately for you,
I happen to be Mr. Uppity's little bro.
Japan! Japan!
Th-This is amazing end-to-end stuff.
What incredible counterattacks.
They're fighting for their lives!
The heat from the field
is palpable, and I...
I'm lost for words!
Care to comment, Natsuki-san?
No one told me it was gonna be this good.
Super Promising
Ultra-fast Scissors
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
7 out of 35 in Blue Lock Rankings
Blue Lock's so strong,
and as if through synergy, the U-20s are
playing the best I've ever seen them play.
It feels like a hero's about to
be born. Know what I mean?
Okay, there's five minutes left on the clock.
This is a big chance for Japan's U-20s.
Play resumes with their corner.
By aligning my thoughts with his,
I can see and feel where the danger is.
But as it stands,
while I might be stopping him,
I can't steal a goal for myself.
Is that what I want?
No, I have to defend or we'll lose
the match. That much is clear.
If they score now, it's game over.
Damn it. I'm the only one who can stop him.
I'll have to do it alone.
Read him. Feel him.
Where's he going to aim?
Today, right here, I will surpass Itoshi Sae.
Here it comes!
Even if ya break a bone, block it!
See it. Feel it.
The most dangerous, most beautiful spot
he would want to destroy...
...is here.
I'll clear it.
Get to it first—
This cross... It was calculated
so I'd miss it by a hair?
It's really...
...for Shidou?
Dragon Header.
It's over.
After all that, I still can't beat my brother—
Isagi?
Here, right?
I got to it.
I made it to this critical danger zone
my reflexes told me to go to!
Only I could see it because
I can link up with Rin.
This is Rin's blind spot!
Second ball!
I can reach it.
It's mine!
Ready to wrap this up, Blue Lock?
Whoa. Nice, Hiorin.
If we score, we win.
Go! One last counter!
Damn it.
Getting in my way.
You won't even let me lose?
I want to fight alone.
But Isagi's...
No...
Rin-chan.
Rin-kun!
Rin.
Rin!
Mr. Not-So-Average!
Blue Lock is keeping up with my play.
I'm not alone?
What is this?
It makes me wanna puke.
I'll mangle you!
Blue Lock Additional Time.
A
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
Shidou Ryusei
Self-Staring Contest
BAM
BLEH
KICK
So funny! My face is hilarious!
What are you doing, Shidou?
Oliver Aiku
KICK
Staring contest with myself.
Ever seen your "maximum attack" face?
Try it. It'll blow your mind.
Can't say I have.
Well, there you go. Give it a try.
All right. You ready?
PAH
GOO
BOOM
Holy crap! My face's scary!
Awesome!
That was a masterpiece!
Oh, Sendou. You should try it too.
Sendou Shuto
Yo, Fake Star Player.
Hah. As if. That's stupid.
You're stupid.
If you can't even pull a "maximum attack" face,
there's no way you can explode in a game.
So don't you dare call yourself
the star player on Japan's team.
I mean, actors and celebrities must do
these kinds of acting exercises, right?
There'll be times where we have to do media,
so checking out how you look is important
if you wanna be camera-friendly.
Actors? Celebrities?
People will talk about my expressions after
going on sports programs and variety shows?
Sports Programs
Variety Shows
Sendou-kun's "maximum attack" face is amazing!
And I'll get praised by a model on the show.
Commercials, TV dramas, and a
passionate affair with a famous idol await.
Commercials
TV Drama Debut
With a Famous Idol...
All right, fine. Guess I must.
I'll do it, but just this once.
We hooked an idiot.
So easy.
SMILE
BOO
MMM
Oh, man! I'm so funny!
Like, holy shit. Too funny for TV!
Okay. We've got a funny face of
the forward for the Japan team.
Can we sell it to a tabloid?
Don't you dare!